welcome everybody to reviewing Rick and
Morty memes we'll just Sirois lit this
is justin roiland he doesn't though he's
also the co-creator and the voice of
both characters at the same time yep
shut up Morty you brainwashed when you
do that Rick and the Morty do you record
them separately or juice what I can do
them at the exact same moment and then
they have to separate them like a
diptych you have a special proprietary
really stupid
no I'll I lately I've been doing Morty
first then I'll do Rick Morty together
then I go to Rick because Rick [__] my
voice up so let me ask you this before
we jump into the memes what is the
minimum IQ required to watch Rick and
Morty zero okay here we go here we go
let's get into the memes that moment
when you hear someone say well beloved
dub dub IRL the minds connect and you
suddenly make contact with the fellow
intellectual oh my god into the script
or something you improvise no it was it
was ridley wrote Rick spins around on
the ground like curly from the Three
Stooges boom boom and then I was in the
booth and I was like I didn't I like I
think I just was like going quick and I
didn't read the stage direction so I
just saw the line buh-buh-buh-buh and
then I just made it up and then we were
laughing and how dumb that would be as a
catchphrase cuz the stupid like catch
phrases like bazinga and [__] like that
it's alright how dumb would it be to
like you know ironically and hatefully
come up with a cat stupidest thing ever
but this is the most cringe iasts
yeah well do you know it really gets me
thing I've seen in a while this is the
Facebook page the real Rick's on I funny
back co-invest now oh Jesus oh geez oh
geez Rick let's see how bad oh geez Rick
this is what I sound like right now oh
geez sounds like yeah more do you have
gonorrhea or something in your throat
all gonna be like Rick and Morty so
intelligent no no no they're not all
like I find that to be such a weird
thing because you don't see that mean
with like a show like black mirror and
shows like the the brainpower behind
that show has to be so much more
significant than what we have I think
it's interesting you say that because I
think this author really nails down why
the I IQ is required okay let's go let's
hear it you know it takes some actual
brain power to really appreciate Rick
and Morty I'm not even talking about
conventional intelligence I mean like
actual cunning and wouldn't you need the
street starts and you need the book
smarts just [__] it you have to be an
exceptional [__] human being I love
that he had the just [__] comma yeah
you think Einstein would appreciate Rick
amore it certainly channels a lot of his
genius but would he get it dude was a
[__] nerd alright
you wouldn't understand this blend the
[__] I'm Stein you wouldn't understand
this blend of intellectual discourse and
crude filthy straight-up human humor
that's the genius of it humans have such
incredible potential for greatness but
we also spend copious hours tugging on
our desk like the primates primates
before us because that's what we are you
want to watch Carl Sagan for two hours I
know you don't you might pretend you
know I was your insecure and shallow and
you want people to think you're real
smart cookie that's fine
really it is we're all humans and humans
are flawed ironically recognizing these
flaws makes one less fly you want to
learn but you want to laugh too so you
watch Rick and Marty there's the kicker
you [__] figured it out you watch
Rick and Morty because you're real
you're nihilistic with the wicked sense
of humor Cyril my god I don't want to
[__] on this human being who wrote this
but part of the thing that makes this
funny to me is the author's IQ level
just articulation the way that they're
forming their thoughts and sentences are
sort of maybe a little bit at odds with
the messaging here but the thing about
posts like this is that I can't it's so
hard to tell if it's a parody or yeah
well that's the world of the razor edge
we don't know any
more I think I think what really gave it
away that it's probably but is the just
[__] yeah just [__] just [__]
yeah you have to be right that [__]
he would be you've been visited by one
the one true Morty up oh and 3.14159
seconds and you'll be blessed with
plentiful Szechuan sauce
I liked it until the very end I wish it
was like a vote and or your mom will die
of yeah cancer or something
Wow or that's horrible okay describe
your sex life with a record Morty quo
Morty just you and me and sometimes your
sister and sometimes your mom but never
your dad yeah that's a good that's funny
that I funny Co dude that's good I love
that water America yeah y'all need to
get over to iphonedo I find Co puts out
some great content there oh whoa what is
this
so Morty is is Marty gun on this whole
incest [__] is what do you think of the
Morty summer incest because that's I
don't I just like guys doing I don't I
didn't know it was a thing well it's a
huge thing and but you know at 34
commune we have a weird we're going
through a weird era right now we're just
incest in general that's true like you
go to look for more like incest yeah
you're just scrolling and it's like oh
this girl's really cute it's like Oh big
brother but you're like that really they
aren't there always I'll have to be [__]
can't we just other [__] kinks to
please like I watch Rick and Morty for
the flop because okay there's a bunch of
ass because our show is just sexually
all your follow at Rick and Morty memes
of me for more peach so you looking for
more writers or no always Rick at Rick
and Morty memes anger is a gift
Oh what the [__] hold on no God's no
masters oh wow
this guy is a fan or girl we don't know
it's always a trip to see something that
you made like committed permanently to
someone's body it's it's always surreal
to see that this is like a really
versatile meme format how it feels when
I mentioned flat earth but I feel like
this has a lot of versatility and
in the Miam world yeah yeah I don't even
recall what is this moment in the
episode that that's this is clearly a
Photoshop thing right but also it's like
when I mentioned flat earth yeah a bunch
of normal people who are saying surround
you g-men oh they're trying to say they
censoring it but like is there a better
caption for this like how it feels when
I mentioned space is fake how it feels
when I say I don't like incest porn
problem is all the hottest girls are in
[__] incest porn videos so you end up
watch so if you're like yeah so if
you're strolling through like oh she's
cute and then that's a [__] big
sister thing all right whatever turn the
volume down well you know they don't
wanna hear the dialogue line let me show
you the greatest lie ever the best way
to experience this movie would be if you
have to watch it turn it on TV at home
when it comes down to DVD and turn the
sound completely off and then as you're
cleaning the house or you've got a party
going on easy kids to stay occupied
that'll make this a lot more that's how
I had to watch incest porn what yep
trend sound done then it's just porn I'm
so confused okay or if you're on an
airplane they threw him under those yes
because it makes sense I mean when I
think he came he came with the incest
porn like I mean I totally talked about
the kids movie and you bring up incest
porn saying everybody every guy gets
that moment when a friend hands them the
box of old porn right and one of the
tapes was incest porn you know what I'm
saying
he should just stop yeah you are fine
this isn't better clear his role
grown-ups was like the 22 year old
daughter right it was a but then you're
like oh Jesus their dad and then I'm
like well I'll just mute it
oh no dude stop clearly read the room
oh this so this is Rick and Morty fan
base about itself you make us ashamed of
you I'm een that's every fan base right
like that's the thing is like every fan
base because we're all humans it's like
every group I don't care what is gonna
have good bad and ugly and everything in
it's true it's fine I mean but this is a
this is a great me and agree it's a
great meme for not just the Rick and
Morty fan base but like yeah [__] the
[__] dr. Quinn Medicine women woman
fan base for the guys absolutely they
were the worst era is [__] amazing and
some horrible people in that fan base
maybe you can decode this one something
is wrong
fathers son mother neighbor hit like if
you've got it I have no [__] idea
hey is it supposed to be like the Holy
Spirit like Father Son God the Holy
Spirit
oh because oh wow oh you entered the
matrix bro you load your IQ to like 25
points to get that just oh wow I feel
dumb now that you've explained it cuz
it's like just from my iphone Eco no
song I think why I did it Marty I turned
myself into James I'm Rick James [__]
is he in a Pokemon Team Rocket
yeah why is that he raped my rig here
rape my rig
I get it Morty I turned myself into
James I'm Rick James [__] pretty good
yeah yeah I know I mean I would give it
at least a five
fives average out of 1000 when you see
one of your Norma Facebook friends post
about Rick amore but you know they don't
understand it's a frickin lifestyle no
it isn't it's just a TV show
are you sure cuz they say it's a
lifestyle you know buy buy merch though
buy all the more by all that merch yeah
and [__] make it a lifestyle [__] it
his palms are sweaty knees weak arms are
heavy mom's sphaghetti thoughts if they
found an image for for all of it he did
it
somebody somebody sat down and took an
hour out of their day Rick and Marty's
mom she's a badass well it's not
you're invited if you receive this meme
you are vitadetox a party this year will
be for night and Rick theme don't bring
anything with gluten
there's no way baby there's no way that
that's a real invitation well-beloved
abdabs okay she's beautiful who the girl
who's reading this oh she's beautiful
who the girl reading this mmm I have
actually watched this oh you've seen it
not the whole thing I mean I can't I
can't
legitimately get off to this cuz it's
just so you know you're it's like you're
not you're distracted you're really
distracted and me especially this is
like the first porn thing I remember
Harmon and I were just like this is
[__] insane hey what the [__] well
hold on let me step it up from here okay
oh boy it's better you know I have to
say like I'm I would be lying if I
didn't drag off to this at least once no
I didn't do that I would tell you if I
did
I don't jerk off to cartoons you know
not since I was a little kid drawing of
myself
you would jerk oh oh yeah I in car yeah
yeah yeah totally you draw like big-ass
titties yeah I would try my best to draw
something hot and then wow I didn't have
a lot to [__] work with but that's
how you know you're a good artist no I
wasn't even that good of an artist
that's the sad part
if meeseeks boxes were real you they
would totally be like used in this way
right every yes I mean we're humans
we're gonna [__] in it they're not
necessarily attractive but like they'll
run train they could get a job done
check this out that's a real tattoo
that's a good that's a [__] trick
throwing up the baton H that's like
that's a good tattoo also that's a
pretty bad out there it's colored well
it's great that's a good tattoo good
good on you who are considering to use
me as an echo
if you want to do a special episode yeah
yeah absolutely
I know if season four is probably let's
hear your morning I heard your rig geez
can I talk do a scene yeah yeah oh come
on Maury wait we're gonna get some
Szechuan sausage I mean let's get let's
do it oh geez sit on it that's hard to
pull it's hard enough you that not I
just like the content yeah even more
than the voice is that what I want to do
your version of more tea my voice is
little yeah geez Rick jeez I want to get
Szechuan sauce Maury come on Marty this
of course is powerful oh dude that's
real - yeah it's not amazing it's
amazing the Rick mobile that was going
around the country sawing Marty we got
an atoll dude it's amazing they sent oka
that was it that was internal before it
went out I was like that is [__]
amazing that's so funny only four bucks
man
that's a good SPR for four dollars you
can't even you can't even go to like CBS
and get a photo for you guys you're back
and it's Rick's [__] faded like so all
right this is my favorite one go ahead
Rick and coffee Rick and more coffee
Rick and tee Rick and Morty
Miley Cyrus who did it first I think she
may be did I I love Miley Cyrus though
she's a [__] bad a fantastic what a
great girl but yeah she does look like
do so in China they were calling
Szechuan sauce internet-famous dip ha ha
ha wait officially like this is
actresses a gondola ad from China that
is a [__] bike I've never seen this
in Vegas dipping sauce internet-famous a
dipping sauce what a [__] weird time
we live in and then of course hey mom
dad I don't need to go to college
I watched Rick and Morty nice it'll
teach you everything you need to know
that's one of those deep-fried memes huh
look at it yeah it's a little deeply
lightly dipped it in the in the old
fryer for a minute I literally have this
as a t-shirt somebody sent me an ad for
like I don't know it's on Facebook or
something but there was this on a
t-shirt like full [__] t-shirt right
and I I started I'm not on Facebook
anymore so I started reaching out to
everybody I'm like can you please get me
this I'll pay you back anyone who can
get me this and so I have like three of
them it's the [__] funniest most
there's just so much going it's [__]
Garfield sonic yeah
Family Guy Simpsons Rick and Morty it's
just a [__] dumbest thing ever
yeah it's so great regular people what's
so funny about Rick and Morty to me yeah
pickle it's true mm-hmm by the way when
I saw the pickle Rick I saw that episode
before a hair yeah I mean I remember I
think we all knew that it was gonna be a
major app yeah I mean I we it was that
episode it was the episode of season 3
that had the smoothest from writing and
yeah it was like we yeah like Harmon was
super [__] excited about it
I was excited about like we were all
excited about it and it didn't get any
root it didn't like have to be rebrova
in or reworked it was just like all the
way through and like a lot of other
season 3 episodes had major rewrites
every step of the way crazy changes yeah
that one was just smooth so did you have
a premonition that that was gonna be as
big as it was because it's gone I mean
we knew it would be like we knew it was
a good episode like we knew oh yeah this
this turned out great yeah so yeah we
were super satisfied and happy with
but did not expect it to win us a
[__] Emmy and like oh I didn't know
that yeah yeah you know but you you also
have to wonder like at what point are we
gonna if we haven't already
tip into like you know the the cultural
backlash the thing is even if you hate
Rick and Morty fandom and you hate like
the pickle Rick [__] that whole thing
like the meme has become you still gotta
love the episode well that's the thing
that I worry about is people like oh is
that the pickle show and it's like oh
man now just watch the episode it's not
so somebody think about this life
anti-vaccine stare kids oh man pretty
good how the [__] is this
anti-vaccination single area so big it's
scared
Facebook is this the guy that jumps in
the counter cuz I get I can't I can't I
have to get a reaction of this I can't
dude oh it's so [__] bad
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
here's what I think yeah I think the
guys doing the dozens on us yeah I think
the guys making fun of yes you know what
I mean but but but at first it's just
like does that mean all that all I well
it's hot it's like all right I get it
do you know what's funny dude I've never
watched it long enough to see him fall
on the ground and do the rest without
you
that made me laugh and that made me
laugh and that actually made me reassess
what this was so I'll probably watch
this again Joey's on there boy to
celebrate Justin's new game trover saves
the universe which is a intellect
intergalactic oh it's an intellectual
galactic 420 require yeah you need at
least 420 so it's uh it's it's a comedy
action adventure across the cosmos with
you and trover it's just a fun it's I
don't know I I really I'm really proud
of it like I I was really worried it was
gonna suck because when you work on
something that long and you're that
close to it sure but I started sending
codes out to people and everybody was
like getting back to me going this is
you made in an actually good game you
can get it on ps4 you can get it on PC
you can play it in VR on the PC you can
play it on go coffee butter go it's not
for everybody but if you're a fan of
authority it's for everybody we're
trying to sell a game here you like it's
not for it it's for everybody it's a
lifestyle Justin roiland yeah creative
genius no mastermind stuff human being
who got lucky and he's done it all a
great talented team who game the tape
everybody by the way link down below in
the description for where you can buy
this little guy also link to a really
funny commercial that I made oh did I
put those links there in the description
I didn't know it but though they're in
the description you okay scroll down to
the links are there yeah they're there
guys trover saves universe get that
frickin game and give it 10 stars even
if you hate it and then then we can make
more weird games creative with complete
creative freedom alright that's the goal
thanks for watching
[Music]